As a parent of a student at USF, I couldn’t be happier with my daughter’s experience at this apartment complex. Safety was my number one concern, and this community truly gives me peace of mind. The Standard area is well-lit, secure, and consistently well-maintained. Every time I visit, the grounds and common areas are clean and well cared for.
The amenities are excellent and make student living comfortable and convenient. From the fitness center to the pool and study spaces, everything is in great condition and provides a great balance of productivity and relaxation for students.
I especially want to recognize Bella in the office. She is attentive, professional, and incredibly friendly to residents and their families. She goes above and beyond to address needs quickly and communicates clearly. It’s reassuring as a parent to know there are staff members like Bella who genuinely care about the residents and take pride in what they do.
I highly recommend The Standard  to any USF student or parent looking for a safe, well-managed, and welcoming place to live. Ask for Bella for a tour and she is awesome, friendly, and very knowledgeable.

My experience at The Standard has been great. Chloe at the front desk is great, she’s always welcoming and really on top of things. She actually cares about helping residents and fixing problems instead of just brushing you off. She’s also been really helpful with packages and answering any questions I’ve had. I’ve really enjoyed living here the past few years, would recommend.

As a student who has lived at off campus apartments for my three years at USF, this is by far the worst experience I have had.
For starters, we have had multiple plumbing issues in my unit that have resulted in flooding of bathrooms. Come to find out, this is a common occurrence. I have met  other people in separate units who have experienced the same problem.  If you don’t want to risk toilet water ruining your bathroom  Don't live here.
Also, if you plan on having visitors at the standard. good luck. there is a total of 5 visitor spots that always seem to have the same cars in them 24/7 🤔.
For paying over $1000 a month, I would expect these things wouldn’t be issues. This is the MOST i have paid , and the LEAST ive gotten out of my money. Live somewhere else

One of the worst places I’ve lived at.
Extremely high rent for a small room, and constant fire alarm testing — they’ve tested the alarms about 5 times in just the last week or two, blaring for minutes at a time. The sink handles are installed backward, the toilet has flushing issues, and the dryer didn’t even work when I moved in (then squeaked nonstop after being “fixed”).
The lease is extremely controlling — seriously, read it carefully and your eyes will be wide open. They can remove you from your room at any time and hit you with tons of extra fees. If you choose parking, they decide where you park. I selected surface parking, but they stuck me with the most expensive indoor option at $60/month. ( what a surprise)
The internet is another nightmare — inconsistent Wi-Fi, Ethernet didn’t work for two weeks, and they throttle your bandwidth depending on how many devices you use. They even prohibit Wi-Fi extenders in the lease (seriously read it). Add to that paper-thin walls. for 1200$ a room (4x4) youd think theyd be doing a lot better.
There are better options — look elsewhere!

I received conflicting information from staff during my lease transfer process, which led to a near two-week gap where I would’ve had nowhere to stay. Management wasn’t able to offer solutions until a last-minute opening appeared. My new unit also hasn’t matched the quality of my previous one, including pest issues. I personally wouldn’t risk signing here based on this experience.

I’ve lived at the Standard for three years now. When i first moved here i loved it, management was great and helpful , the hallways were getting cleaned every week and rent was a reasonable price. Now The Standard sucks. Every year they raise their rent by 150$ and tell current residents if they sign early they will get the lowest rate (which wasn’t true last year when resigning for this year), the hallways are never cleaned and the stairwells are nasty and have NEVER been cleaned. I’ve placed 4 maintenance requests regarding the dishwasher in my unit since it doesn’t work, maintenance came to fix it and it still isn’t working, my roomates and I haven’t used our unit dishwasher in almost a year. The manager isn’t helpful and enforces policies that her own employees don’t even know. I was charged 150$ for watching a friends dog for a couple hours and was told it was against standards policies. When i went down to speak to the workers at the front i was told TWO different things from what the manager had told me AND on top of that the manager took till after the weekend to respond to me. She told me she isn’t able to take the charge off my account, how can you enforce polices if your own workers don’t even know what they are ??If you’re planning on living here DONT, they don’t value their current residents as much as they do new/signing residents. As sad as it is this place is terrible.

It’s been almost six months since I’ve moved out of the Standard and I can say with confidence this place is NOT worth your money. You would be better off paying significantly less for a similar space in the area. It’s overpriced, overcrowded, and filthy! Fortunately I had good roommates during my stay there but just know if you don’t you’d be screwed between the paper thin walls and crappy appliances that maintenance will come “fix” but really they’ll just say it’s fixed and you’ll have to put the request in at least 3 more times for something to be done. I could go on about how they don’t clean units between move out/move in, filthy hallways and stairwells (literally once saw a turd inside the hallway that was there for 2 days until I put in a request), dried up vomit and not to mention around the outside of the building always smells like a mix of dumpster, throw up and animal feces because nobody cleans up after their pets. Also, if you move out and were supposed to be refunded for something, goodluck getting through to anyone on the phone there as they have an automated answering system and even the one that texts you and says “im forwarding your issue to someone on property” doesn’t mean jack. I could go on but I think I hit the main points here with photos as well. Honestly, you’re better off spending the same amount for a semi-decent apartment that’s not constantly trashed by college students. Oh last thing, if you tour make sure to walk the back hallways above the second floor as they don’t bother to clean those spaces during this time. This will give you a better idea of what you’re in for.

I’ve had a consistently poor experience here. Ethernet was out for 3+ weeks and the Wi-Fi has been unreliable for over a month, which is a serious problem where cell service is spotty. Urgent maintenance took far too long (including a toilet that wouldn’t flush). Package handling is chaotic—Fetch adds 2–3 days and has lost packages, and the front office told me a package wasn’t there, then called three weeks later to pick it up. Overall, not worth the frustration.
Not worth the price, look elsewhere.

Living here was one of the worst experiences I've ever had. The complex charges several large add-on fees that they don't clearly inform you about, and they were not very good with addressing any of my concerns. During my move in, there was work still being done in my room, and I was reassigned to another sublease before being notified. I was deceived and not told about this sudden change even after specifically organising a sublease from a friend for a particular unit. The room I moved in to had eviction photos on the door when I arrived, and the folks at the front desk seem to have not communicated with one another at all. The people in the apartment were also unaware I was moving in. The hallways, bike room, and elevator are always filthy with dirt and garbage. And, the office staff lacked in good communication. They were clueless and often had to refer to their manager, who seemingly never was around. I would not recommend this place to anyone at all. They kept me in the dark with several things and continued to charge me for things over my short stay of two months over here. Additionally, the walls are paper thin. Also, the area around was not very safe. Often, there would be people engaging in illegal activities on the roof top next to the swimming pool. And, there seemed to be no regard from staff members and residents for any rules or regulations. Please avoid staying here, and spend your money elsewhere. You can find a range of photos attached to support my claims.

The workers are very nice and they try to help in any way they can; however, I have a problem with how the apartment complex handles problems. The workers are unable to handle certain issues due to management restraints. I’ve had a problem with my roommate since I’ve moved into the unit in August. I’ve complained to the office repeatedly over the year and the Standard refuses to do anything about it. Recently, at the end of spring semester, my roommate has been going to my bedroom door and banging on it for at least 10 minutes in the middle of the night to harass me. I’ve contacted the Standard to do something about this because I was worried about my safety and they said they couldn’t do anything about it. All they did was give me the phone number to security and told me to call the number when it happens again. To make things worse, my roommate went through my stuff in the kitchen and stole my kitchenware. The items I bought for my apartment are missing now. I’ve had to file a police report against my roommate because the Standard claims they cannot do anything about the situation despite the fact that my roommate violated her leasing agreement. Something needs to be done about this situation as my roommate has stolen over $100 worth of stuff from me. I’ve talked to the workers and they all agree about how messed up the situation is; however, they can’t do anything serious against my roommate due to management. The Standard needs to take action against my roommate because theft and harassment deserves its consequences.

The apartment is nice, and is close to USF, but the management company is difficult to work with. The local employees have little to no authority and, frankly, do not seem to care about issues. Mail is delivered late. Packages are missed. They charge a multitude of fees, such as recurring rent for a pet rather than a single pet fee. Most recently they made an error in a payment posting, resulting in a $0.50 fee being posted a few days after the monthly rent was paid. They charge a $1.95 "convenience fee" to pay online via ACH. They will not allow the $0.50 to be paid with the next month's rent without a large late fee, so the $1.95 fee must be paid twice this month. They charge no fee for a paper check, but the student for whom I pay rent has no checks. This seems trivial, but it is their own error, and is compounded over many apartments.
Overall, the management is uncaring and they charge for every little thing they can. Look elsewhere for an apartment.

By far the best off campus, student-friendly complexes in the USF area. Super kind and helpful staff are quick to answer questions and give their honest opinions about college living. The amenities are one of its kind in the temple terrace area which makes it such a popular hangout spot, especially the rooftop pool. The apartments are super modern and spacious so you dont feel crammed living with 3-4 other people. The events and giveaways make it super rewarding and the prices are much cheaper than on campus housing. Highly recommend for all students and will be renewing as soon as it opens in october.

I moved into the Standard in August and it has been a good experience. I will say the rent is pretty overpriced, especially for a college student who pays their own rent, but other than that I’ve loved living here.

I have lived here for almost a year and a half and absolutely love it here. The standard genuinely cares for us and makes us students feel welcomed and appreciated. The amenities are great, especially the gym and the pool. Also as a college student, the study rooms are amazing when you just need a quiet place to do some homework!!

Honestly, worth the price. I have lived in like 4 different housing complexes over the past years and as a senior decided to splurge and live here. Amenities and management are stellar. I don’t even use the campus gym anymore because ours is great.