Really nice apartment definitely the best I’ve been in. It’s a bit expensive but I think with other places having same if not higher prices it’s the most worth it. Everything is really spacious, there’s tons of storage space, and all the appliances work great. The gym is a bit small so it’s not great for everyday but it’s enough if you want a quick workout. The two things I HATE however are the maintenance and WiFi. When I first moved in tons of things were broken ( porch had no light bulb, a shelf was missing in the fridge, etc.) the apartment was also not clean. The maintenance comes and won’t fulfill all the work orders you put in and leave dirt everywhere. Second the wifi is horrible. Currently the Ethernet is out so I can’t play any games. The wifi itself is super weak I can’t study or do work at the apartment and the TV that comes with the room won’t connect at all. It’s been like this for going on three months now. However, everything else is nice. Assuming they fix the WiFi I can definitely see myself staying here for the next four years.

I’ve lived at IQ for about 1.5 years and I have never had an issue with it. The whole place stays super clean, they do a lot of fun little events in the lobby for Halloween, Christmas, etc., super pretty pool area, and the staff members are super friendly. Especially Carly, me and her always have nice conversations and she’s super cool.

My daughter is living at IQ Apartments for six months and it has been great so far. The staff is so attentive and kind!! Every maintenance needed is needed promptly resolved. The microwave had a cracked handle and they installed a new one when she moved. The bedroom has a big window that offers nice sunlight. She is enjoying it so much that has even renewed the leasing for next year.

My son have been living at IQ for two years and we haven’t had any issues until now. Suddenly the complex charges for all utilities and there is not enough to cover the electric, water and sewer with the $40 cap. All residents are being slapped with overage charges monthly (my sons was $65 this month). This change was not advertised and is not clear in the lease. Just beware if you sign that you will be paying rent (which is also going up) plus a $50 parking fee and utilities which may run an additional $50-$100 dollars a month.

I have been living here for almost 3 years and i love the staff, they are very quick to handle situations and any concerns going on in the apartment. Even maintenance requests are handled very quickly. Security wise it is a gated complex and i love it, i never had any issues and there is parking on every level so it’s completely close walk from the garage to my apartment. The gym has all the basic essentials, and the pool is cleaned often, the complex too is cleaned every morning, if you are a morning person you often run into the cleaners around 4ish-5am cleaning the corridors and other areas of the complex. And also there is chutes on every floor making it a close walk to take out trash from my apartment.

Honestly, IQ was great. Never had many issues in the apartment itself, and if so maintenance did a good job responding and resolving the issue. Living here was honestly so easy, until the end. I’m not one to write negative reviews but after the past month or so, I’ve felt compelled to. The gate has been broken, this time longer than usual. Cars are being broken into daily. You hear the alarms going off during the day, and at night. You fear it’s yours so you immediately go check. When I call the office, I’m honestly being straight up lied too. They say someone is “on the way” to fix the gate “as we speak”.
Well, that same night the gates are still wide open and another car is broken in to.
Not to mention, you get attitude when you call the place WHERE YOU LIVE, with a concern of safety. We should not have to fear for our safety or property. I wish this incident was handled better because IQ was a very chill and calm experience, until they allowed their residents to be exposed to crime, and are doing nothing about it.

Never been the type to even consider writing a review unless its to benefit an organization or establishment, but this situation is different the least to say. This is our second year living at IQ "luxury" apartments. To begin, we moved into a cockroach infested apartment which we had to resolve 100% on our own. Further, we also constantly experience black mold on our A/C vents which never seems to go away even after requesting a mold "treatment". The washer and dryer would constantly break...on and off, until we finally got a new one which was really just a refurbished broken one; which still gives us issues. The Wi-Fi was spotty and didn't work 80% of the first year we lived here...a lot of the time I'd be using a hotspot to complete honor-lock exams, HW, and other school work. Keep in mind my roommates and I have constantly reached out to management about these issues and got nowhere unless we took matters into our own hands. When arriving to IQ "Luxury" apartments you are greeted with about 5 speed bumps a couple feet apart. All in all, very poor management and very poorly built. Ms. Lorrie was great but is not a part of management anymore (at least at this location). Unfortunately, the two young ladies at the front desk are incompetent and unable to resolve simple conflict...not to mention some members of management are also residents  which creates a personal bias and disrupts the decision making process when it comes to conflict. Take your issues straight to Amanda instead, she tends to do a great job and is the only positive thing IQ has to offer. When it comes to competition ex. park place, the standard, the hub etc...this place is way out dated and unable to compete especially considering the similarity in pricing. Save yourself the time, money and hassle and move somewhere else.

There are so many off campus student housing options, so don’t pick this one. My roommates and I have had problems with our apartment and management since we moved in. Our AC broke over ten times in my unit and I am not exaggerating. During the summer heat we were stuck in an apartment that was 86-89 degrees. They come in to try to fix the AC and say they need a part for it and never come back. You can’t ever put the heat on because the fire alarms go off. Construction also has been making the fire alarms go off at 8 AM multiple times. The construction has been going on for months so the gates are stuck open. The workers are rude and barge into your apartment to work on the balcony. When the gates are actually closed, the gate opener doesn’t even work. The WORST PART is the toilet. If you have guests over, don’t plan on having a working toilet. Once you flush, you can’t flush again for another thirty minutes or your toilet will not flush. It is terrible. Many things don’t work here. I could go on and on about this place, but i’m just happy I moved out and only stayed one year. Whatever you do, do not sign with IQ luxury, because it is definitely not luxurious.

It’s embarrassing that this place is a “luxury” apartment. Elevator broken for 2 weeks. Floors dirty always. Treadmill broken. Key fobs deactivating randomly. Broken water fountains. Gate left open for days. Get your act together IQ. If you’re having us pay for amenities, you must maintain them.

This building advertises as a "Luxury" building but is a dump preying upon parents trying to put their young adult kids in a safe building.  My daughter moved to Tampa from Gainvesville over the summer for an internship.  We did not have time to shop and look around so I found a close building that is suposed to be more upscale, safe and has luxury ammendities.   This building is an overpriced dump.  Among many broken things, the elevator was broken for over a month.  The halls are not cleaned, machines broken in the gym and on and on.  Her roomates boyfriends dog was practically living there with a no animal policy.  I am truly disappointed and am complaining to the state and already put a complaint into the ADD for having elavators down for so long.  They charge top prices, almost $1K a month for a quad so almost 4k a month for an apt.  They are making money hand over fist and are not investing in taking care of the property.  What a waste.  If I could give it ZERO stars I would.  Watch where you put your kids.  These off campus apartments do not care about who they rent to, if there is music at all hours of the night, or the upkeep of the property.

People’s cars and motorcycles get stolen here all the time like last week again, someone was shot in their apartment and killed here, and there is still no cameras in the garage or buildings or any care to add them. Moving as soon as possible, car alarms go off 10 times a night and day for the last year and nothing has been done about it, can’t sleep in peace anymore or constantly worrying about my safety or my cars being stolen. Rent has gone up 400$ since I’ve been here.  It’s over priced and it’s still ghetto as hell. They’re more worried about adding speed bumps and painting walls than they are your basic protection. 0 stars.

Iq wasn’t a bad place to live at all. Per typical, garbage management. They wouldn’t replace my old carpet when I asked them and said they would replace it when I moved out. I said whatever no big deal. Then they charge me now that I have moved out for a carpet fee when they said they were replacing it anyways. Kinda disappointing since I lived there for a few years and never caused an issue. Tried talking to them about this. They never got back with me. I would really consider other options before choosing iq apartments.

Do NOT live here! I cannot stress it enough. My roommates moved into the 3x3 during Fall of 2020, and had nothing but issues. Our washer constantly broke on us, cockroaches came up from the drains of the showers multiple times, we had an ant infestation the first week we moved in coming from outside, and the apartment was horribly dirty on move-in day with multiple broken pieces of furniture including the desk chair. When you place a maintenance request, be ready to wait at least 3 days to get anything fixed and expect attitude from the staff. I used to have to drive home to do my laundry since our unit was constantly broken.
THEN, as a cherry on top, the MASSIVE pipe break that took place in December of last year. Multiple floors flooded, and we were all forced to live in sketchy hotels while they “fixed” the issue, which later turned into everyone having to break their leases. Our lives were uprooted due to an obviously poorly-built building, and it was traumatic to say the least. I had to find living arrangements in Tampa FAST all during finals. Yes, this all happened a year ago, but it just goes to show how much it still irks my old roommates and I that our first ever college apartment turned out to be a nightmare. It’s a beautiful complex, such a shame all the issues it has.
