It has been already three times in just a year that the water went out. An ESSENTIAL need. It is inexcusable for this to keep happening and all they can say is “sorry for the inconvenience”???  It’s like they think we have nothing to do in our lives. They are horrible and never respect or take care of your essential needs. And there is much more disrespectful things they do; they never clean the pool, delay to fix the elevator, have people enter your room without permission???, my roomate even had her food stolen by a repairman. Even if this place is close to USF it will be a wayyyy much more inconvenience than just living somewhere farther away, it’s not worth living here.

The outside of the building doesnt look the best, but it looks pretty alright from the inside. Its spacious, furnished, and pretty cheap all things considered. Also, the receptionists at the front desk are very helpful. About 4 months ago, Paris was really welcoming and gave me a good tour of the place which convinced me to sign a lease, and both her and Jade have been super friendly at the front desk.

If there’s one review you should trust, it’s this one. I graduated from USF four months ago, and I still hate this apartment to my core. Absolutely horrible experience.
The elevator almost never works. How are they okay with an elevator being out of service for 7, 8, sometimes even 10 months? And because the elevator is almost always broken, the trash collectors never bother to come upstairs which means you will always, without fail, come across piles and piles of trash in the corridors. And the smell oh my god. I have never smelled anything worse than the hallways of Avalon. You’ll literally see liquid leaking out of the trash bags, and worms forming around them.
The management absolutely does not care. You will almost never move into a clean unit. My roommates and I (and our parents) had to spend two full days deep cleaning the apartment ourselves and Avalon took no responsibility whatsoever.
As for the front desk staff, they must truly hate their lives, because they will never ever ever be nice to you.
I moved to Halo 46 after Avalon, and the upgrade felt like I was living in a five star hotel lmao. All my friends hate Avalon <3 Do yourself a favour and think twice before moving here.

Avoid this place at all costs. The leasing office staff is incompetent and will do nothing to help—just make excuses to defend management, who are never in the office. The living conditions here are almost getting to the point where its inhabitable. The elevator has been broken for 6-7 months, trash piles up, pool and gym gates are broken, and there are no keypads on entry gates, making deliveries impossible. Meanwhile, they find every excuse to charge residents while failing to maintain basic living conditions.

I’ve had a terrible experience living in this apartment community. First there was an issue with 2 of my roommates where they had outside individuals not on the lease staying in the apartment. When I made it known what was going on with evidence they told me the only thing they told me they could do was move me out of the unit I was in, into another one. This issue was taking place for 3 Months before they offered the move out option. Then when I did end up moving into a different unit they double charged me on my rent and me paying 300 dollars more than what I was suppose to pay. This is a terrible place to live and I would not recommend living here!!!!

PLEASE READ. I recently moved out of Avalon that looked fine from the outside but was a HEALTH hazard inside. Mold in the walls, bugs everywhere, broken or missing outside lights, and trash piling up made it unsafe and also mention the water damage leaking from the ceiling and sinks.  Let's also mention the elevators never worked and this place needs a complete gut job. The model they show you is complete opposite of what you get. What made it worse was management’s complete lack of response despite repeated complaints. Living there affected my health and peace of mind—I had headaches, trouble sleeping, and constant anxiety. A home should be a safe place, not a source of stress. No one deserves to live like that, especially while paying full rent. Property owners must provide safe living conditions. I’m sharing this so others know to ask questions and speak up when things aren’t right. We all deserve better.

DO NOT MOVE HERE! I would give this place zero stars if possible. The living conditions are a health hazard. Extremely unsafe. Trash is everywhere, the elevators in the buildings never work, and they don't even have a safety inspection in them (I have been stuck in the elevatory multiple times). Mold has grown over every inch of my apartment, I have had hundreds of dollars in damages which management won't cover. If you do have mold in your apartment, people come in and spray chemicals everywhere wearing masks, not telling you if the chemicals are toxic or not. My dishwasher hasn't worked in months, maintenance keeps saying that they will replace it but never have. I cannot even describe the amount of issues that I have had with this apartment. It should literally be illegal for them to be taking money from you. Be prepared to go to the leasing office and no one can help you, management is out of office, won't answer emails or phone calls, and you'll just be out of luck. If you do sign a lease here, be prepared to tell them that you will not pay rent until your issues are fixed, because that is the only way that things will get done.
Don't believe the good reviews, they are completely fake.

Multiple adults  in couple stay in the campus the look like not normal people
So please don’t believe them by saying it’s safe for students  !!!! No responsibility from the office all the care is money not the safety of those students

Lived here for a few months now and I really like it. The leasing office is super friendly and they always have fun activities going on. They even brought snacks and energy drinks directly to our doors during finals. The personal balcony is a really nice touch that lets my room feel a lot more private and personalized.An entire lot is dedicated to visitors and there's always parking available. It's been really convenient to be so close to everything. The Bull Market, Publix, USf, and food trucks are all available within walking distance.

Incredibly mediocre(especially for the price). The worst was roaches for the last week, the management sent someone but it just wasn’t enough. I never had i issues with mold. The dryer was kind of bad I was in building C.

DO NOT LIVE HERE! This complex is not worth 1000$ a month and there are much better places
When me and my roommates moved in it was dirty and not cleaned before hand, hair is painted into the baseboards, and the washing machine was broken
There were roaches everywhere when we first moved in
Maintenance does not care our apartment was without ac for THREE weeks, we had to call everyday for an update management did not keep us updated at all and did not care
There claimed emergency maintenance line does not work and they tried to lie and say they were testing it, we called after they claimed it was fixed and it still does not work
Management and maintenance are an issue. There is not communication between the two, the front office people do not know how to handle your issues and all they do is email management and they don't respond. Natalia specifically was very rude to me and other people at the complex when just calling to ask questions.
Outdated appliances, Avalon is one of the older apartments and it shows, the carpets are old and appliances are constantly breaking

It’s not right to advertise valet trash as one of your main selling points when it’s a service residents aren’t receiving, especially considering it’s an amenity we are paying for. Management is very poor at communicating with residents. We were never informed that the valet trash in our building wouldn’t be picked up because of a broken elevator. We weren’t notified that the responsibility fell on us to walk bags to the dumpster because of that. It took my roommates calling and asking the front office about all of the trash bags accumulating on the second floor before we were made aware. The abundance of surrounding trash has caused a huge fruit fly infestation in our apartment. I guess we’re lucky that it’s only fruit flies because I’m seeing other residents mention maggots.   It’s ridiculous to be paying almost $1000 to live here and deal with things like this. I will not be renewing my lease and neither will any of my friends who also live here. It’s absolutely not worth it. There are better places around for a more reasonable price. At this point, just get rid of valet trash and lower the rent to compensate.

It’s overpriced for the living conditions they provide. The entire time I was there, it smelled like rat feces coming out of my unit, we had a fly/maggot infestation due to their lousy trash valet service. You are better off throwing it out on your own. Maintenance would sometimes mark they came by when no one checked to resolve the issue. I had to leave earlier than expected due to a medical condition and the stairs were unsafe to go down, all the lights didn’t work anymore. Just a terrible first place to live on your own.

lived here for 2 years as things went okay the first year, but my second year was a train wreck. Mold in my unit, took forever for them to address and all they did was give me and my roommates $150 gift cards thinking it would fix everything (I was constantly sick and mold ruined my personal items) Apartment complex is dirty, (there was throw up next to my buildings elevator for 3 months that no one bothered to clean) and on top of that the elevators are always broken. There are certainly better options in the area and is not worth the price you pay. The only things I enjoyed was the pool and the 24 hour gym. The rest i can definitely say I won’t miss.

Terrible student living. Maintainence is lazy, leasing office is lazy, elevator is broken every other week and they refuse to actually fix it. Potholes all over the parking lot. Bikes get stolen even tho they pride themselves on security. Gates broken or never closed to support their "gated community". Overall terrible place to stay
Oh and my closet has a leak in the corner that ruined stuff I paid for and they're just not doing anything about it. Maintainence guy they sent was fine but unhelpful.
Update on the closet it's been over a month and it still hasn't been fixed. Maintainence manager finally showed up and couldn't do anything because "i have to see it wet" when 3 other workers have seen it wet.
My toilet hasn't worked correctly since I moved in. Landlord special literally everywhere in the apartment. Shitty electrical work to where changing the speed on my ceiling fan turns the light off and changing the speed on a box fan turns the light out.
Another update: tried to bribe me to take my review down but never actually paid out. "Security" doesn't do anything theyre supposed to. There was dog shit on the stairs