I lived in Temple Terrace for 7 years, first as a college student and then as a regular resident. I really enjoyed my time living there. TT is in a great location for getting around the area, with easy access to both I-75 (leading to I-4) and I-275. The community is friendly and has a nice "local" feeling, while also being not too far away from downtown Tampa, area beaches, Orlando/theme parks, and other nearby destinations. It's the perfect balance of small-town quietness and big-city amenities.

The area isn’t too bad. It has its good and bad sides of town. It’s a conventient and cheaper living location compared to most. Sadly they try to compete with the higher living locations in terms of price. Accidents happen frequently on Fowler Ave. easy access to many main highways. Overall I have no major complaints of the area!

Temple terrace is in general not the nicest area, especially at night there are certain roads you defiantly don’t want to be getting out of the car as a young woman. It is filled with chains and everything is very commercial. There are only a few place in temple terrace to go to and enjoy.

What I like about Temple Terrace is that it is close to just about anything I want to do no matter if it is shopping, a nice restaurant, or a concert. I can quickly get to a major interstate in minutes and USF is within minutes of where I live. For the most part it is pretty quiet in the area. The only thing that is a little hectic at times is traffic. Overall it's a nice area to live in.

Temple terrace is a great place for the students around USF who like to be adventurous and go kayaking and outdoor trips. You are also a quick 15 minute drive away from downtown Tampa where there are always things to do for friends, families and the community as a whole.

Temple Terrace is a great city. It's very close to Busch Gardens and Adventure Island. One is an amusement park and the other is a water park. Also the city has its own police department so you don't have to worry about Tampa PD slow response times. Also there are two different golf courses within Temple Terrace that I know of myself. Lastly the area is pretty calm, although there is crime, there isn't too much to a level where you would want to stay home.

Its a nice place for students who are looking to save money

WE have had several car break-ins and stolen items in the past two years

I really only live in this area to attend school. It is not close to the beaches and the area isn't the greatest. I will be moving out of the area as soon as I can.

The experience with police that I've had has been great. I had a man going through my car really early one morning before leaving for school and the police arrived immediately. We gave them his description and the officer asked us to see if there was anything missing - just some money, not too much. Before I got to school, they called my cellphone and said the caught the guy and asked me to come back to ID the man so they could make the arrest. All before 9am. Also their cruisers are seen driving around the neighborhoods and main streets all of the time.

I feel it could be better, but it's okay. People don't feel safe walking long distances though.

