Housing and Residential Education oversees room selection to ensure balance for students. 
While this year’s students may be slower to select a dorm due to the delay in financial aid being awarded, the housing application process is in full swing.

Johnson said the department is understanding of students’ hesitation. 
“They really want to know what their financial impact is going to look like to help them make an informed decision, which I absolutely support them in,” he said.
However, the application and selection did start at the same time this year.

How students tell USF they want to live on campus:
As soon as students receive their acceptance letter to USF, the housing process starts.
They log in to the housing portal under their MyUSF account, fill out the application and pay the $50 deposit fee. 
The sooner they submit this, the earlier they get to select their on-campus dorm, which gives them a better chance at selecting the bed they want for the upcoming school year, according to Johnson.

New students are sent these instructions by Housing and Residential Education (HRE) around a week after they receive their acceptances. While the housing portal does open up for students the day they are accepted, HRE sends its email later to ensure they do not spoil the news that a student was accepted. 
While incoming students are taking these steps for the first time, returning students are following similar steps. Students fill out the housing application in November, reserving their place in line for room selection by filling out the application and paying the deposit. 
Johnson said approximately 7,200 students had applied for on-campus housing for fall 2024. The Tampa campus has around 6,400 beds for students.

How residents select their room and what Housing is doing to help:
Returning students will get to pick their housing first. This year, room selection began Feb. 19. 
Those in roommate groups got to select first. When the portal did open up for this first round of students, they may have noticed not every building or every room was available.
Johnson said his team also monitors the available rooms during selection to ensure students with or without a roommate group have “an equitable opportunity” to select different types of housing. 
He said over 4,300 students have already been assigned a room for the fall semester.

During the time slot for roommate groups of four, the team ensures that buildings with four beds available are open. 
This means some will not be available during the first time slot so smaller roommate groups and individuals will have an opportunity to select any style of bed.
HRE monitors the housing portal throughout the selection process, opening certain rooms and buildings to ensure a rough balance of genders. 
After those in roommate groups have the opportunity to pick their dorm for next year, returning students who are not in a group can pick. This year, those students selected their housing from Feb. 26-29. 
Incoming student room selection has a similar order. Hopeful residents in a roommate group who submitted their application first got to select their beds first. 
This round of room selection began March 4 and individual incoming students selected March 5-8. 

How students can cancel their application:
Students can submit a cancellation request for the room they select in the Housing Portal within 48 hours of making their selection. First-time-in-college students can request a cancellation before April 15. However, students would forfeit their nonrefundable $50 application fee.

What students can do if they don’t get a bed:
If students who could not get a bed do accept a spot on the standby list, the order they select will be decided in a similar way: matching gender and on a first come, first served basis.
If students are not able to get an on-campus living accommodation, they can visit Student Government for help finding an off-campus apartment. 
Students who do not get to select a bed during room selection or from the standby list because the university ran out of available spaces will have the $50 fee refunded.