I live in College Town and really like it! I've seen old reaviews about roaches but have had no problems, I'm fairly confident they have been taken care of. Also, I'd you see people saying it is the ghetto, it is most certainly NOT. This is literally coming from someone raised in an upper middle class neighborhood. The property is also fenced with security. It's has nice amenities, pool, gym, clubhouse, in unit washer/dryer. I also think the price is decent compared to other places. It's close to campus too and has a bull runner station just outside, free parking if you have a car. Maintenance is good with quick responses as well, although our apartment has only ever had one problem.

The Met is nice but only make sure u have parking bc they run out

I live in the Standard and its really nice, but is very pricey. I know someone who lives in reflections and its cheaper but does have roaches occasionally (really easy fix if you just monitor it though). After touring a bunch of apartments, Armature Gates is very nice (2x2 only) and if you are rich rich you can look at any apartment in Cypress Cay (but they are very expensive). IQ has a pretty good rating and Lark 42nd is nice if you are not looking for having pets (only downside is getting in and out of the apartment complex, very tight road.) The Hub is nice but is next to a bunch of construction right now (if that bothers you, i’m not sure). Metropolitan is massive and although I haven’t toured it myself, I haven’t heard a lot of bad things about it. If you are looking for a fixer upper, Willow Brooke is the way to go (cheap with some hidden fees). I have heard that Avalon heights is hell because of parties and being near frat houses.
Overall, I recommend going to the apartment complexes and touring them before making a decision. A lot of what I recommended were townhomes (something i prefer over apartment style livings). Don’t read the comments on the apartments because a lot of their problems are older (armature gates has a completely new company and still has low stars) and also people tend to complain rather than actually say good things. Definitely stay away from anything next to Busch Gardens. Very sketchy and run down from my experience touring there.

College town is good on a budget, living here currently after living at the ivy and the difference is like night and day. Way way better

With the mold specifically i know you probably so the Avalon Heights reviews, but I'm currently in an apartment and haven't come across any mold, at least not yet. The only real problems I've had have been my fan not working after a power surge on the 2nd day (the only one ive seen) and the elevator sometimes being buggy. I dont know about staying here for the full $949 a month for 12 months (which is the 4 bed 4 bath that I'm in), but when I signed my lease there was a deal so it was only $749 a month for 12 months, and considering the price comparison with a dorm which I had last semester, I think this is pretty good.

Hi I am currently looking to sublease my place to a girl at Halo 46 in a 4x4, its clean, and Ive had no issues with bugs or mold. Message me if your interested.