There is cheap places to live in temple terrace. The question is are you willing to live in not so great conditions for a relatively cheap price lmao. Anything near campus will not be Tampa Palms quality'

Not sure how close you want to be to campus but you want to try New Tampa or Wesley Chapel if you can commute. Temple Terrace is way too pricy for the quality that you'll get. Honestly super unfortunate since I remember the pricing a few years ago in Tampa/Temple Terrace being like 35% what it is now.


New Tampa, just north of the campus along Bruce b Downs is the nicest area for (not cheap) houses, and some apartments. Also temple terrace is nice and safe, and apartments across from Lettuce Lake park, which feel more corporate.
For off campus cheap places full of students, look east of campus, right alongside yuengling and the sports complex.
For a bit fancier and luxe but still lots of students, look just north of campus around the Publix, and along the west edge of campus.
Always avoid the areas south of campus, especially south of bougainvillea and near the theme park. Thumbs down.
Summary: if mom is with you, stick to New Tampa or temple terrace.

Avoid IQ Luxury Apartments like the plague, currently finishing my one year here and it genuinely is a disaster. Parties, floods, internet issues, and terrible roommate matching is just the tip of the iceberg.

Define “best”
i’ve heard there are a few areas in tampa that are sketchy/unsafe/not-too-good-looking but i don’t know which are those, so i just want to avoid them
The area you are likely referring to is the bloc west of campus. It is the region west of Bruce B Downs, north of Busch, east of 275 and south of Fletcher.
It is admittedly not nearly as unsafe as people act like it is (current crime data indicates it is no more dangerous than most other parts of town) but it is still not particularly well-maintained. If you’re looking for a picturesque living experience, look elsewhere.


You could get some decent places for that. Just around campus is mostly student housing but when you leave that it's pretty sketchy. You may be able to find something out in Brandon which is a bit quieter and about 30 mins away for that much. You could also look south of campus a ways because there are some nicer neighborhoods down that way. I see other people have been recommending new Tampa and such so I'll leave that alone.